add sandboxes docs (#795)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/docs/teams/sandboxes/usage-with-truffle.md

---
title: Teams | Usage with Truffle
layout: docs.hbs
---
# Usage with Truffle

> You can use sandboxes with all of Truffle's commands that work with Ganache, including: `migrate`, `console`, and `test`! Doing so requires a specific configuration of Truffle's HDWalletProvider.
> 
> In addition to providing the `mnemonic` and `network_id`, we must specify the initial account index (`0`), total number of accounts (`10`), and set the `shareNonce` option to `false`. Here's a complete example:
> 
> ```
> const HDWalletProvider = require("@truffle/hdwallet-provider");
> const teamsMnemonic = "custom buzz situate mesh cannon number grass improve iron swim pilot cool";
> 
> module.exports = {
>   networks: {
>     teams: {
>       provider: function() {
>         return new HDWalletProvider(teamsMnemonic, "https://sandbox.truffleteams.com/ac98e539-140d-498e-818e-8284eee9d933", 0, 10, false);
>       },
>       network_id: 1583853263114
>     }
>   }
> };
> ```

Reviewer: you'll need to manually remove the `\` i put in to escape the triple ticks

```suggestion
You can use sandboxes with all of Truffle's commands that work with Ganache, including: `migrate`, `console`, and `test`!

With Truffle versions v5.1.28 and later, using a sandbox only requires the `url` field:

\```
module.exports = {
  networks: {
    teams: {
      url: "https://sandbox.truffleteams.com/ac98e539-140d-498e-818e-8284eee9d933",
      network_id: 1583853263114
    }
  }
};
\```

If you're using an older version of truffle, You'll need to use HDWalletProvider. In addition to providing the `mnemonic` and `network_id`, we must specify the initial account index (`0`), total number of accounts (`10`), and set the `shareNonce` option to `false`. Here's a complete example:

\```
const HDWalletProvider = require("@truffle/hdwallet-provider");
const teamsMnemonic = "custom buzz situate mesh cannon number grass improve iron swim pilot cool";

module.exports = {
  networks: {
    teams: {
      provider: function() {
        return new HDWalletProvider(teamsMnemonic, "https://sandbox.truffleteams.com/ac98e539-140d-498e-818e-8284eee9d933", 0, 10, false);
      },
      network_id: 1583853263114
    }
  }
};
\```
```
